\input texinfo
@setfilename manual
@settitle SmartCalc_v2.0
@documentencoding UTF-8

@copying
Copyright © 2023 by NEELYARL
@end copying

@titlepage
@title SmartCalc Guide
@vskip 
@insertcopying
@author NEELYARL
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top SmartCalc_v2.0
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* General information:: This section provides common information on the principle of operation of calculator.
* Arithmetic operations:: This section provides information about the list of implemented arithmetic operations
* Math function:: This section provides information about the list of implemented mathematical functions.
* Charts:: This section provides information about the possibility of plotting functions.
* Credit calculator:: This section provides information about the possibility of a credit calculator.
* Deposit calculator:: This section provides information about the possibility of a deposit calculator.
@end menu

@node General information
@chapter General information

The calculator is developed in the C++17 programming language using MVC pattern.
Interface for this calculator was made using QT.
The main principle of calculations is implemented on the basis of Dijkstra's algorithm, the essence of which is to convert mathematical expressions from infix notation to reverse Polish notation.

@node  Arithmetic operations
@chapter  Arithmetic operations

The following arithmetic operations are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Addition - a + b
@item
Subtraction - a - b
@item
Multiplication - a * b
@item
Division - a / b
@item
Power - a ^ b
@item
Remainder of the division - a mod b
@item
Unary plus - +a
@item
Unary minus - -a
@item
To enter complex expressions use left and right brackets - (a)
@end enumerate
You can specify a complex mathematical expression using the constant "x".
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Math function
@chapter Math function

The following mathematical functions are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Computes cosine - cos(x)
@item
Computes sine - sin(x)
@item
Computes tangent - tan(x)
@item
Computes arc cosine - acos(x)
@item
Computes arc sine - asin(x)
@item
Computes arc tangent - atan(x)
@item
Computes square root - sqrt(x)
@item
Computes natural logarithm - ln(x)
@item
Computes common logarithm - log(x)
@end enumerate
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Charts
@chapter Charts

The calculator implements the possibility of plotting functions.
In order to build a graph, enter the expression, click the "plot" button and then click "=" button.
The graph will appear.

@node Credit calculator
@chapter Credit calculator

The calculator has a special mode of operation: Credit Calculator.

The credit calculator window contains the following fields:
@enumerate
@item
Loan Amount - the desired loan amount.
@item
Loan Term - set in months, supports only integer values.
@item
Interest Rate - the desired interest rate. Set as an integer or a floating-point number.
@item
Annulling button - for annulling payments.
@item
Monthly button - for differentiated payments.
@end enumerate
Output Fields: 
@enumerate
@item
Monthly payment.
@item
Overpayment on the loan (interest).
@item
The total amount to be paid.
@end enumerate

Press 'Calculate' to see the result.

@node Deposit calculator
@chapter Deposit calculator

The calculator has a special mode of operation: Deposit Calculator.

The deposit calculator window contains the following fields:
@enumerate 
@item
Deposit Amount - the initial deposit amount.
@item
Deposit Term - for how long you plan to invest money. Input the day when you open deposit and the day of closing deposit.
@item
Interest Rate - the percentage at which you invest money.
@item
Tax Rate - the current key rate of the Central Bank is set.
@item
Frequency of Payments - you can choose 'every day', 'every week', 'every month', 'every quarter', 'every 6 month', 'every year'.
@item
Capitalization - activate the radiobutton if interest is credited to the account.
@item
Depo Replanishment - you can choose the frequency of replanishments such as in Frequency of Payments.
@item
Replanishment Amount - how much money you want to replanish every period.
@item
Partial Withdrawals - you can choose the frequency of replanishments such as in Frequency of Payments.
@item
Remove Amount - how much money you want to remove  every period.
@end enumerate

Output fields:
@enumerate
@item
Accrued interest.
@item
The amount of tax.
@item
The amount of deposit by the end of the deposit period.
@end enumerate

@bye
